Adding Microphones documentation (#79)
icub-tech-iit/documentation: docs/icub_microphones/icub_microphones.md

 
 Then, yarp has two network wrappers to send received audio data to/from the network. These devices are `AudioPlayerWrapper` (http://www.yarp.it/git-master/classAudioPlayerWrapper.html) and `AudioRecorderWrapper` (http://www.yarp.it/git-master/classAudioRecorderWrapper.html) . Again, we need to check our yarp ccmake configuration to enable and compile them.
 
 We can record audio from a microphone and stream it over the network with the command:
 
 ```
 yarpdev --device AudioRecorderWrapper --subdevice  portaudioRecorder --start
 ```
 
 On the other side, we can played some sound received from the network with:
 
 ```
 yarpdev --device AudioPlayerWrapper --subdevice  portaudioPlayer --start
 ```
 
 We can connect the two modules with the command:
 
 ```
 yarp connect /audioPlayerRecorder/audio:o /audioPlayerWrapper/audio:i tcp_fast
 ```
 

>  The option --start will automatically enable the devices on startup. Otherwise you can start/stop the recording/playback by sending the command on the corresponding rpc ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The option --start will automatically enable the devices on startup; otherwise, we can start/stop the recording/playback by sending the command on the corresponding RPC ports.
```

> All these devices/subdevices require some specific (and complex) options to work properly. These options are documented in the yarp pages I linked before. The parameters required by portaudioRecorder/portaudioPlayer are specific to the sound format (e.g. frequency, sample format etc). The parameters required by AudioRecorderWrapper/AudioPlayerWrapper define the fragmentation of the sound packets over the network and the buffering options. I recommend to use the default options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All these devices/subdevices require some specific (and complex) options to work properly. These options are documented in the YARP doc pages linked above.

The parameters required by portaudioRecorder/portaudioPlayer are specific to the sound format (e.g. frequency, sample format etc).

The parameters required by AudioRecorderWrapper/AudioPlayerWrapper define the fragmentation of the sound packets over the network and the buffering options. We recommend using the default options.
```

# iCub Microphones
This page gives info about recording and playing back sound troght the `icub-head` microphones

## Dependencies
For using the head microphones we must install the `PortAudio` on the head and local computer. 

- Install portaudio (in Ubuntu `sudo apt install portaudio19-dev`)
- In the cmake configurations, we should turn on four options by running ccmake . in the `yarp` folder:               
  ```xml
  ENABLE_yarpmod_AudioPlayerWrapper   ON
  ENABLE_yarpmod_AudioRecorderWrapper   ON
  ENABLE_yarpmod_portaudio  ON
  ENABLE_yarpmod_portaudioPlayer ON
  ENABLE_yarpmod_portaudioRecorder  ON
  ```
- Run `make -j4` 

> 
>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you rely on [`robotology-superbuild`](https://github.com/robotology/robotology-superbuild), the configuration and the building process will automatically take care of the `portaudio`related options.
 
```
